I am Ratan Singh, son of Shri. Shadi Ram, resident of "XXXX, village Tatarpur, district Hapur, UP".
I have two sons:
	1) Elder son is Kunwar Pal Singh (KPS) R/o F-1/8, Dayalpur, Delhi-94.
	2) Younger son is Jitendra Kumar(JK) R/o XXXX, village Tatarpur, district Hapur, UP.
Kunwar Pal Singh has two sons: Elder son is Gaurav Singh(GS), Younger son is Rahul Singh(RS).
Jitendra Kumar has two sons: Elder son is Deepak Kumar(DK), Younger son is Gurmeet Kumar(GK).
I, Ratan Singh, inherited an agricultural land from my ancestors with Khasra Number XXXX, Village Tatarpur, District Hapur, UP.
Now, with my permission, KPS & JK have done construction on this land to turn it into a potential commercial wedding lawn to earn money.
KPS & JK have spent approximately Rupees 20 Lakhs & 15 Lakhs respectively to build it.
In this process, I took an agriculture loan of Rupees 3 Lakhs which has to be repaid from the firm's income.
A loan of amount 5 Lakhs Rupees was given by the mediator Shri Ram Kumar to JK which he has to repay from his income from the firm. This adds up JK's total contribution to Rupees 20 Lakhs.
During construction work, physical presence & supervision was done by JK and his sons only, for which, they have to be paid accordingly.
KPS and his sons couldn't contribute actively during construction as they all have working jobs.

Keep the profit sharing ratio of 50:50 between KPS & JK.
This wedding lawn goes by name "Aashirwad Farm".
Now, I want to prepare a "business partnership" agreement for both of my sons.
Consider whosoever runs & manages the future operations of the firm by giving physical presence and working actively, he may draw a salary of 
	1) Rs. X per day if that person is from above mentioned family tree.
	OR
	2) Rs. Y per day if an outsider is hired.
The land, the business all will be divided in 50:50 ratio by KPS and JK in case of my demise as per standard rules of ancestral property.
In case of any dispute, The mediator will be Shri. Ram Kumar R/o 13/8, 1st Floor, Netaji Subhash Marg, East Babarpur, Shahdara, Delhi-110032.
No amendments can be made to this agreement without consent of both partners.
Permanent Account Number, GST Number, Bank Account & other rules & regulations have to be in the name of the business and be operated with the consent of both partners for any debit.
Profit sharing can be debited as per mutual consent at the end of every financial year.

Please prepare a business partnership agreement for the same.